terraform {
  required_providers {
    azurerm = {
      source  = "hashicorp/azurerm"
    }
  }
}

# Provider block with features block
provider "azurerm" {
  features {}
}

# create resource group, use name example-resources and set location to West Europe
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {
  name     = "example-resources"
  location = "West Europe"
}

# data block, azurem client config
data "azurerm_client_config" "current" {}

# data block, azurem subscription
data "azurerm_subscription" "primary" {}

# data block, azurem subscription
data "azurerm_subscription" "current" {}

# data block, azurem subscription
data "azurerm_subscription" "selected" {}

# data block, azurem subscription
data "azurerm_subscription" "default" {}

# data block, azurem subscription
data "azurerm_subscription" "all" {}

# data block, azurem subscription
data "azurerm_subscription" "all_default" {}

# data block, azurem subscription
data "azurerm_subscription" "all_selected" {}

# data block, azurem subscription
data "azurerm_subscription" "all_current" {}

# data block, azurem subscription
data "azurerm_subscription" "all_primary" {}

# data block, azurem subscription
data "azurerm_subscription" "all_non_primary" {}

# data block, azurem subscription
data "azurerm_subscription" "all_non_default" {}

# data block, azurem subscription
data "azurerm_subscription" "all_non_selected" {}

# data block, azurem subscription
data "azurerm_subscription" "all_non_current" {}

# data block, azurem subscription
data "azurerm_subscription" "all_non_primary" {}

# data block, azurem subscription
data "azurerm_subscription" "all_non_default" {}

# data block, azurem subscription
data "azurerm_subscription" "all_non_selected" {}

# data block, azurem subscription
data "azurerm_subscription" "all_non_current" {}

# data block, azurem subscription
data "azurerm_subscription" "all_non_primary" {}

# data block, azurem subscription
data "azurerm_subscription" "
}

